NAMS - Not Another MUD Server
    High Level Overview - Class

This document provides a high level overview of class inheritance and purpose
within the NAMS server.

Namespace
    Handler     All non-member process control functions are within this namespace.
    Utils       Currently all non-member functions are kept within this namespace.

Class
    Account
        Inherits: None
        Children: None

        An account is a unique file on disk. An account may have multiple
        associated files as characters. Accounts are the first objects
        loaded once a SocketClient is fully connected, and all characters
        inherit permissions based on the account security and role.

    Command
        Inherits: None
        Children: None

        A single command within the server. Command structure is loaded
        from disk at boot time. Once fully implemented, command logic is
        intended to run either natively compiled into the server or
        via a yet-to-be determined scripting language (TCL, Ruby, etc).

    Event
        Inherits: None
        Children: None

        An action set to execute after a set delay. Events can be scheduled
        by a Server, SocketClient, and other objects. Events are polled
        during each Server update loop.

    Plugin
        Inherits: None
        Children: None

        A self-contained object file that implements a new class and
        interacts with the server via an API. Other server objects
        will tie into, but not inherit, the Plugin class in order to
        interface with any class that is implemented in this manner.

    Server
        Inherits: None
        Children: None

        The server core. Currently, NAMS is designed utilizing a single
        Server instance. However, it would be possible for this to be
        forked or threaded into multiple instances such as alternative
        ports or game worlds.

    Socket
        Inherits: None
        Children: SocketClient, SocketServer

        An individual socket connection within a Server. Sockets are
        currently implemented as IPv4 TCP connections only. In the
        future, sockets will also support IPv6 connectivity.

    SocketClient
        Inherits: Socket
        Children: None

        An individual socket connection to a remote client. In addition
        to the base functions of a socket, a client socket implements
        threaded hostname resolution and all input / output / queue
        processing. A client socket references back to a single Server
        object.

    SocketServer
        Inherits: Socket
        Children: None

        An individual listening socket on a Server. Beyond basic
        socket functions, Server sockets only implement methods
        to bind to an address and listen for incomming connections.
